README.md, before:

# hello-reason

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/esy-ocaml/esy-ocaml/_apis/build/status/esy-ocaml.hello-reason?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/esy-ocaml/esy-ocaml/_build/latest?definitionId=1?branchName=master)

A project which demonstrates a Reason workflow with [Esy][].

[Esy]: https://github.com/esy-ocaml/esy


## Usage

You need Esy, you can install the beta using [npm](https://npmjs.com):

    % npm install -g esy@latest

> NOTE: Make sure `esy --version` returns at least `0.5.4` for this project to build.

Then run the `esy` command from this project root to install and build dependencies.

    % esy

Now you can run your editor within the environment (which also includes merlin):

    % esy $EDITOR
    % esy vim

Alternatively you can try [vim-reasonml](https://github.com/jordwalke/vim-reasonml)
which loads esy project environments automatically.

After you make some changes to source code, you can re-run project's build
again with the same simple `esy` command.

    % esy

And test compiled executable (runs `scripts.tests` specified in
`package.json`):

    % esy test

Documentation for the libraries in the project can be generated with:

    % esy doc
    % esy open '#{self.target_dir}/default/_doc/_html/index.html'

Shell into environment:

    % esy shell


## Create Prebuilt Release:

`esy` allows creating prebuilt binary packages for your current platform, with
no dependencies.

    % esy npm-release
    % cd _release
    % npm publish

## Continuous Integration:
`hello-reason` includes CI configuration for Azure
[DevOps](https://dev.azure.com) pipelines out of the box.

- Create your Azure DevOps account.
- Add a new project, and point that new Azure DevOps project to your github
  repo that includes the CI (`./azure-pipelines.yml` and the `.ci/` directory)
  from `hello-reason`.
- Create a new Pipeline within that project.
  - When asked how to configure the new pipeline, select the option to use
    existing configuration inside the repo.

The CI is configured to build caches on the `master` branch, and also any
branch named one of (`global`, `release-*`, `releases-*`). That means that pull
requests to any branch with those names will be fast, once you have landed at
least one commit to that branch. The first time you submit a pull request to
one of those branches, the builds will be slow but then subsequent pull
requests will be faster once a pull request is merged to it.

## License

BSD3, see LICENSE files for its text.

Commit message:

update package.json so that repo is no longer dependent on  cloned ctypes lib. Add some more example code. and prepare  pub sub to be re implemented using rpc and use binary protocol for transferring data over the wire.

README.md, after:

``note: This library is in the infant stages of development. Backend developmetn in Native Reason/Ocaml is not friendly for newcomers (I know first hand). This is a collections of modules I have been using personally with code I have built, and code I assembled from various other open source projects for server side development in Reasonml. It is an attempt to have a unified mono-repo of packages that are stable, compadible, and activley maintained. I am in the process of making them into stable released packages on npm and opam. In the meantime cloning and building locally with esy would be the most painless way to use it today. Windows and LWT support is planned but not yet supported. If you run into issues building in open up an issue and I'll respond as soon as I can. Α real README is also in the works.``
# hello-reason

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/esy-ocaml/esy-ocaml/_apis/build/status/esy-ocaml.hello-reason?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/esy-ocaml/esy-ocaml/_build/latest?definitionId=1?branchName=master)

A project which demonstrates a Reason workflow with [Esy][].

[Esy]: https://github.com/esy-ocaml/esy


## Usage

You need Esy, you can install the beta using [npm](https://npmjs.com):

    % npm install -g esy@latest

> NOTE: Make sure `esy --version` returns at least `0.5.4` for this project to build.

Then run the `esy` command from this project root to install and build dependencies.

    % esy

Now you can run your editor within the environment (which also includes merlin):

    % esy $EDITOR
    % esy vim

Alternatively you can try [vim-reasonml](https://github.com/jordwalke/vim-reasonml)
which loads esy project environments automatically.

After you make some changes to source code, you can re-run project's build
again with the same simple `esy` command.

    % esy

And test compiled executable (runs `scripts.tests` specified in
`package.json`):

    % esy test

Documentation for the libraries in the project can be generated with:

    % esy doc
    % esy open '#{self.target_dir}/default/_doc/_html/index.html'

Shell into environment:

    % esy shell


## Create Prebuilt Release:

`esy` allows creating prebuilt binary packages for your current platform, with
no dependencies.

    % esy npm-release
    % cd _release
    % npm publish

## Continuous Integration:
`hello-reason` includes CI configuration for Azure
[DevOps](https://dev.azure.com) pipelines out of the box.

- Create your Azure DevOps account.
- Add a new project, and point that new Azure DevOps project to your github
  repo that includes the CI (`./azure-pipelines.yml` and the `.ci/` directory)
  from `hello-reason`.
- Create a new Pipeline within that project.
  - When asked how to configure the new pipeline, select the option to use
    existing configuration inside the repo.

The CI is configured to build caches on the `master` branch, and also any
branch named one of (`global`, `release-*`, `releases-*`). That means that pull
requests to any branch with those names will be fast, once you have landed at
least one commit to that branch. The first time you submit a pull request to
one of those branches, the builds will be slow but then subsequent pull
requests will be faster once a pull request is merged to it.

## License

BSD3, see LICENSE files for its text.
